So in the last lecture we set up our project and the firebase backend, let's now install axios.
As I said it's a third party package,
it's not integrated into vue. So I'll quit my npm run dev process for a second
and in the terminal, I'll now run npm install --save to also store an entry in the package.json
file, axios, that's the name of the package.
As a side note if you want to learn more about this package and dive deeply into it, don't miss the chance
to visit its webpage on github.com or its github repository I should say,
you can simply search for axios in github and you should instantly find this.
There, you will find detailed instructions about installation, about the usage,
the whole API and so on
but of course, I'm going to show you the most important things here.
So with that I installed axios, I can now rerun npm run dev to go back into my development server mode
and in the watch mode which watches my code. With axios installed, the first important thing to note is
that we don't add it or don't have to use it on our vue app,
so unlike the router which we use with vue use or the store which we use with vue use, vuex, axios
is a third party package and by default not integrated into vue like this.
Now there actually are packages which bind axios to vue and then give you axios to it on the
this instance, so in any component with the this keyword
but I want to show you the raw way of using axios,
you can always look into other third party packages if you are interested in more deeply integrating
axios into vue
but for now, let's just stick to the raw library itself.
So the goal is to submit data on the sign up page and then later, I want to be able to get this data
on the dashboard page.
So the simplest way of using axios in the sign up page is to just make an http request through
the package from there. Let's do this in the next lecture.